en,zh: release 2.0.0 (#3037)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/releases/release-2.0.0.md

- **Enhance the field validation**:
    - Integrate Kubernetes [Validation Rules](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#validation-rules) and [Validating Admission Policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/).
    - Support field format and value range validation.
    - Provide clear and user-friendly error messages to facilitate troubleshooting.

- **Support [CRD subresources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#subresources)**:
    - Support the `status` subresource for unified status management.
    - Support the `scale` subresource to integrate with [HorizontalPodAutoscaler (HPA)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale/), enabling auto-scaling.
    - Improve compatibility with the Kubernetes ecosystem.

- **Support feature gates to control change behavior**:
    - You can use [Feature Gates](../feature-gates.md) to control changes that might trigger cluster node restarts, reducing the impact on cluster stability.

- **Support canceling TiKV and TiFlash scale-in operations**:

>     - If you scale out TiKV or TiFlash nodes while a scale-in operation is in progress, TiDB Operator prioritizes canceling the scale-in for nodes that are not yet fully decommissioned. This prevents the unnecessary re-creation of nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you add new TiKV or TiFlash nodes while a scale-in operation is in progress, TiDB Operator prioritizes canceling the scale-in for nodes that are not yet fully decommissioned. This prevents the unnecessary re-creation of nodes.
```

Reviewer: reason: In our documentation, we use scale out and scale in when referring to clusters, and add and remove when referring to nodes.
